* For the design diagrams, it would be a bit easier to follow them if they all shared the same structure. It looks like the second and third one follow a similar structure, but the first one seems different. Other than that, the presentation looks good! --wooddj@mail.uc.edu
* I would love to hear some of the applications specific benefits over using the suite of already well known apps availible for education. For example, what is the distinct advantages of using this over competing platforms like Microsoft Teams for Education? (Krusesw@mail.uc.edu)
* Mitigating isolation of students seems to be a major benefit of your proposed solution. If you are trying to replicate the strengths of online community plaftorms, what specific augmentations do you need to consider in order for your project to add value to the education process? This may be something to consider. cuppwm@mail.uc.edu
* I think this has a lot of potential for helping freshmen/incoming students with forming study groups, especially being rewarded with incentives. By what merit do students get rewarded (aka getting rewarded with the amount of time spent in study groups? Or by using various tools offered?) Also what kinds of companies are your target demographics with providing the incentives? I'm assuming local restaurants/stores around UC. (cardanca@mail.uc.edu)
* I thought the presentaion was great and easy to follow. By then end, I had a solid idea of what your guys are trying to build. I think your project overall is a great idea, especially with the times we are living in today. I do worry that scope creep will play a major factor, as based off the final slide showing a potential example of what your final project could look like, there is a lot of content there. I would adivse focusing on the main essentials for your project and then branching outward to other features. Good luck! (galinggr@mail.uc.edu)
* Sounds like a great and well-timed idea! I think there could be some interesting use cases involving applying your project outside of the University environment. For example, allowing certified people to become mentors/teachers and produce their own academic content to be hosted on your network. This could be a good opportunity to grow into a more dependable resource than sites such as Youtube for students and independent researchers. slacklj@mail.uc.edu
* I think this is a great idea, especially with virtual classes taking effect. This is definitely going to help the freshmen, because they'll be going into their classes possibly not knowing anyone, so having a community for them all to engage will hopefully help them make friends/do well in their courses! It does seem like there are similar apps out there that do this, so I'd love to see what makes your application stand out! (tamse@mail.uc.edu)
