# Individual Capstone Assessment
## Ryan Gruss
Our senior project aims to improve virtual interactions and engagements for students. Due to covid causing a massive increase in online classes, students are not receiving the
social interaction the would normally come with the school year. By having that peer to peer interaction with other students, it can make students feel more comfortable and less alone, which in turn can help them reach out to other students for help and perform better in classes. The idea is to implement ice breakers, learning activites, and study sessions
into a website/application that assigns students to "rooms" automatically based on what classes they are taking, so students are able to work with others on class material. While applications like slack, teams, and zoom exist for working with others, students might not know many students or find it hard to approach other students. The application would create a safe environment for students to interact and learn, while also being rewarded for their interactions.

To help us get started with this project, the Requirements Engineering class (CS5127-001) will come in handy with helping to properly list what the app should do
while eliminating any ambiguity that could occur. Without the requirements, there is no real structure to the project. The Programming Languages (CS4003) class, which introduced us to some languages, helped lay the foundation for what language we will use for the website/app. As this may deal with students personal information, the Information Security and Assurance course (IT2030C) has taught us proper security measures to implement. This will be mainly used for creating a secure password layout rather than implementing a whole new layer of security. While other courses taken throughout my college carrer are useful, these 3 stick out the most. 

None of my co-op experiences have given me web or app develpopment skills, but what I have learned can still be useful. My first co-op was a semester long at Precision Strip Inc. where I was a software developer for their web client. I worked with the SQL Progress language by updating and debugging their database code. The rest of my co-op experiences were spent at Crown Equipment Corporation as a Windows Admin. There I created VM's and assisted users with everyday tasks, and learned some Powershell as well. My Crown experience does not help much with the development of our app, but going into my co-op I knew nothing about Powershell and although I am still learning it, I think that shows that I am willing to learn whatever language is needed to help develop this project.

Although I have never helped with a web or app development before, I'm excited to be a part of this project. It is something new to me and I will be able to expand my knowledge so that I may be able to one day create more apps. But not only that, I feel that once complete, the app could benefit students greatly during not just online classes but when in person teaching begins again. It will be a good way to interact with a large class of fellow students and remove some of the stress of interacting with new people. Our preliminary approach to begin designing is a simple one, our team has set up a mandatory weekly meeting where we discuss the project and if anyone is having issues with the assignments. A google docs has been created to list requirements for the app to keep the team focused and the project as straightforward as possible.

At the projects end, our expected results are to have a fully functioning app that allows for students to join "rooms" based on their classes. They will be able to chat, create flash cards, upload notes, create study sessions, and make friends by just being in the same class together, no needing to chase people down outside of class. Students will be auto-assigned to their "rooms" based on the classes they are taking. To track each team members contribution to the project, I believe we have agreed to take note of what each person has worked on and for how long. This will go along with the weekly meetings that are scheduled. The project will be complete when all the requirements are implemented and there are no issues with any aspect of the app.