# Nathan Berning
## Individual Capstone Assessment
My group and I have decided that we are going to create a web application that will help students interact with other students while we are all trying to learn from home. The application will supply an optional experience that could incentivize students to help other students with homework, studying, and finding friend groups. We would hope that this would help deter clique groups that would only keep to themselves and leave other people out of their friend group. Our program will also have some integrations in it that will act as ice breakers and learning activities. The learning activities will involve different types of study tools that will act like kahoot or quizlet. There will also be different incentives that will vary in amounts of monetary value that will push other students to help other students.

The UC Computer Science curriculum will help me with the development of the project. One way that it will help me is by showing me how to write effective and efficient code. There have been many courses that have taught me many things about different programming languages like Computer Science 1 (CS1021C) and Programming Languages (CS4003). They have also taught me about which languages to use in different situations (Programming Languages CS4003). Software Engineering (EECE3093C) taught me effective ways to test code and ways to evaluate code without having to even run the program. Design and Analysis of Algorithms (EECE3093C) taught me different ways of writing algorithms and how to analyze different algorithms.

I have also learned many different things throughout my co-ops and internships. One of my most recent co-op experiences, I started to work on London Computer Systems new flagship program. This program is a web based application using Angular, which I was required to learn HTML, Javascript/Typescript, and many other languages on the job. I believe learning and developing this application will help me while I work on this project. In previous experiences, I was working on their wpf application that was based in C#, which I had some prior experience in C++, which is pretty similar to C#, from previous courses at UC.

I think this application would help out a lot of students in our current situation with the worldwide pandemic. Many people in my Computer Science class have been in a groupme since the second year at UC. We would post questions that we would have on homeworks, different study sources for exams, and different things we could do outside of UC class. This group of students really helped me out through college. I don’t know what I would have done without them, I probably would have done worse in most of my classes. I feel like everyone at UC should be able to have this same experience that I was able to be a part of.

I am personally very shy and am not very good at making friends, but I did make one good friend and he wasn’t so shy so he was invited to this groupme and then invited me. If I didn’t know him, then I would have missed out on all of the different help that everyone got through the groupme. I would like to make a platform that would already have these groups made, just by using the courses you are enrolled in on canvas. Our group has already agreed that we will have a scope for the project, before starting to work on it, but we have not already made the complete scope just yet. I think I will self-evaluate myself by comparing the amount of different smaller tasks that I have completed compared to the rest of the team. I am a bit of a perfectionist so I will try my hardest to make it look and feel very good and uphold good code practices while developing this project.
	
