# Giang Ta
## Individual Capstone Assessment

The senior design project that our team which our team is working on is an interactive, educational and convenient instructure application. The app idea originally stems from the current situation of the world which is forced to port all daily normal actitivies to be online and virtual including school works and the instructure web application that University of Cincinnati uses to allow students to access and manage their courses and groups called Canvas Student. On this app, students can submit assignments, participate in discussions, view grades and course materials. The app also provides access to course calendars, To Do items, notifications, and Conversations messages. However, this app soon proves to have certain limitations that our application aims to fulfill. Our application will include all features similar to Canvas and also brings in room sectioning feature that would break students into different room based on the course that they take. This room will have features that provide ice-breaking session interactively to help student warming up to each other, chat room integrated from popular application like Slack or Discord for course related communication and reward systems for being an active member.

To be prepared for this project, courses like CS3003 Programming Languages has helped me developing a good foundational understanding of programming in various languages. The class made us do different project and also tackle various programming models from imperative to functional programming, giving a better understanding of the design and implementation behind the logic of the language to be able to utilize them better. EECE3093C Software Engineering tremendously helped us to be able to understand, craft and design a software from ground up. I learnt about how a software development cycle in real life works, how teams are coordinated in order to output a product and how there must be important checkpoints and requirements layout before the development process is allowed to go into action. In my opinion, these classes has played a big role to set up my academic knowledge for senior project.

My co-op experience has also helped me develop and put lessons I received from those classes into action. During my last co-op, I was working as a Software Devloper at US Bank Corp where my day to day responsibility was to develop new features based on customer request, maintain legacy codes and create various unit and behavior-driven tests for their banking application. I was put into work with Java technology stack that I had never experienced before but slowly getting used to it thanks to accumulated knowledge from previous classes at the university, working on both the frontend and backend of the application. Overall, it was a crucial experience that helped me develop realistic skillset for the industry.

I have had experience with building web application and this project not only fit the niche in my speciality but also allow me to be able even improve further my ability since I'll be taking on a large application that would require a lot of managing from both codebase perspective and teamwork. I'm also pleased that the application that I'm working on might help the students at UC to have a better experience working and studying virtually during these times. We are currently taking time to fill up intial requirements for basic and advanced implementation to be able to get the project up to speed once we start writing codes.

By the end of senior design, we set out to have a full fledge web application that would allow students to have interactive sessions during classes. These students will be able to interact with other students in the same room that has been assigned to each courses that they joined and participate in ice-breaking activities and form group to work on assignment. With proper management and teamwork, we hope to be able to put some elements of Agile work cycle to be able to produce a working application that would fulfill all the basic requirements.