# Sim Singh
## Individual Capstone Assessment
Online interactive is a learning platform for students to learn and interact virtually. The project uses an app to 
achieve this and can be used on multiple platforms. The app creates a new group with all students, teaching assistants, 
professors, and anyone else involved with the class. Within this group, the interaction activities are simple and get
the student comfortable with the environment and other users. Activities like favorite foods, hobbies, or other ice 
breakers would suffice for this project. As the semester progresses, students will be given more interactive tasks to 
promote collaboration. Activities like scheduled group study sessions, quizlets and other activities that require more 
preparation will be introduced. As students complete interactions or activities they will be rewarded with points they 
can redeem to get discounts on products, food and events or even extra credit in the class if the professor would like 
to be involved. Since this platform is mostly or entirely run by students, there will be less moving parts needed to 
establish a working environment. With this platform students can successfully interact online without needing to reach 
out to individual students.

Using my experience from colleges classes I developed a great foundation and understanding of the requirements for the 
class. Starting with EECE 1080C Programming for ECE, I got the basic understanding of programming languages and what 
language and framework options I have for the project doing different in class projects like developing a simple game. 
Working on the project with others also improved my communication and team working skills. I can use these skills to 
more effectively work with my team and resolve any conflicts or delegate tasks if needed.
Another crucial class is EECE 3093C Software Engineering where I learned about the development lifecycle and ways to 
structure a project for success. Using agile tools and methodologies my group can stay organized and effectively 
complete tasks. Using Data Structure classes like EECE 2040 and EECE 4040 I can optimize and find solutions for the 
platform. Since there is a lot of data from students, assignments and other tasks this will also be a very important 
aspect. Finally, using the knowledge from a class I'm currently enrolled in, EECE 5132 Software Test & QA I can 
efficiently test the product during the development cycle.

With the experience I have gained from working on Co-op I can use my project knowledge to create a positive team working
environment while also creating a powerful solution. At my Co-op at Duke Energy working as an Operations Co-op, I 
learned to work with multiple disciplines of work. Working with my mentor on planning projects I needed to communicate 
from the end customer to the workers who would implement the change. I can use this knowledge to collaborate on ideas 
effectively and discuss the ideas I have to someone who is new to the topic. While working as an Advanced Engineering 
Co-op at Chamberlain Group I created solutions to problems the company faced with a group of students with diverse 
backgrounds. Working in a diverse group taught me how to breakdown ideas to digestible pieces for easier explanation 
and learning skills from others. I worked with a lot of design in this role, and it taught me about a lot of the user 
experience fundamentals of a product. I can use this knowledge to create a better experience for the user in the 
project. Working in this role, I was also able to work on multiple platforms for projects from linux to android, which 
gives me the knowledge to have multiple options for the solution. During my internship at JPMorgan Chase, I worked with 
a team of students to create a personalized solution for a nonprofit from scratch. There were no limitations for the end
product, which taught me how to choose the right stack for the solution. The project was organized using agile, which 
significantly helped with project organization and hitting deadlines. Having this experience can help me implement agile
into the project.

This project is personal and close to me. Starting out with many classes it was hard for me to reach out to students or 
find people to work or study with. When you have a lot of work and classes it can be hard to find the time to reach out 
to students. This is further amplified when there are extenuating circumstances like COVID-19. Not only are students 
facing additional challenges outside of the classroom, they are also switched to a new environment that severely limits 
interactions. I wanted to create something that would change this and help students find others to work with and 
possibly make friends. In my experience, knowing others or not having to worry about having someone to study with 
reduced a lot of the stress associated with the class. Online interactive fixes this by helping students have a better 
experience when working remotely.

The preliminary approach to designing this solution is using a webapp that can be used across multiple platforms. With 
platforms like react, it's possible to create a powerful application that works on multiple devices. The webapp would 
feature a similar approach to apps like slack, canvas and other dashboard websites with inner sections. Integrating 3rd 
party features and libraries can help integrate more complex features like note cards. In order to best achieve these 
results the team will come up with a project plan for the timeline of the project and tasks or features with deadlines. 
This way the project can be easily organized and if deadlines or tasks are missed we can focus in other the 
specific task at hand. Having primary and stretch goals, we will be able to gauge how far along the project we are and 
if any changes need to be made. In order for me to evaluate myself I'll keep track of my work and tasks that I complete,
while also keeping in touch with the group by making sure I'm helping teammates, attending meetings and completing my 
part in the group.