# Sim Singh
## Final Individual Capstone Assessment

Part A


I had a large contribution to my senior design project. During the fall semester, I found others to work with and took a leadership role in the team. I’m in charge of creating team meetings, planning, and other aspects to make sure the team succeeds. When it came to the team advisor, I would always organize meetings, messages, and go out of my way to make sure our advisor was in the loop. For every weekly assignment, we would split the assignment into multiple pieces, and I would contribute my fair share. Between the two semesters, I developed the design of the app and conducted proper design research to make the app sleek and modern. I also completed all the front-end portion of the application. This entailed all pages for the web application, architecture, and any APIs used with the backend. I also designed and created most of the content for the final poster, presentation, and presentation script. Overall, I feel accomplished for the work I completed and put in a lot of effort into the project.


I think that I applied and built up on a lot of my skills that I mentioned in my initial assessment in the fall. Since I took a leadership role on the team, I was able to apply a lot of my experiences for working with my team. I was able to use my prior programming knowledge to quickly learn new languages and frameworks. One of my weakest skills of using design was significantly improved upon, and I designed the entire application. My contribution was attributed to blocking out enough time, good communication, and good planning. I made sure to stay on top of my goals for the project and allocate more than enough time for tasks. I learned a lot of skills and built on my existing skills. Mainly for technical skills I learned about website design and frontend programming. For my soft skills, I learned how to communicate with my team and an advisor. My biggest successes were creating a polished UI and making the frontend scalable. I was also successful with speaking with my team’s advisor and making sure any misunderstandings were taken care of. There were a lot of obstacles during the duration of this project like being remote and allocating tasks evenly. Overall, I was able to build on a lot of my existing knowledge and learn new skills even with all obstacles that I needed to overcome.
