# Giang Ta
## Final Individual Capstone Assessment

Part A


In the senior design project, I consider myself to have had a decent amount of contribution to the project. During fall semester, I participated in most of the critical meetings of the team and actively helped my team members in making technical design of our backend and build system. Due to the nature of the project which is relatively new to everyone, our team had a difficult time at first in designing the architecture of the app and deciding necessary technologies to accomplish this. This is where I came in to give advices based on my personal experience in conducting distributed system applications and create initial build system so that everyone can work independently on the project with their preferable technologies. Assignments are always splitted equally among all of us and I did my share. While Sim was our main product manager and create the entire front end for the project, I took initiative and design and set up our entire build process with Docker, create the backend and database to work with his work. In conclusion, I feel that I have accomplished a lot during this process and put good amount of effort for it.

I think that I have improved both in my current technical skills and also my soft skills, working as coordinated team member in remote style. I have learnt a lot in taking initiative and decision making in order to make sure our product stay ahead of everything else and go in the right track that everyone had in mind. One of the thing that I wanted to improve on in my previous work experience is making contributions in designing the technical aspect of the app and how to make constructive discussions with team members. I feel that during senior design, I had had the opportunity to carry these out and make improvement on it. If there was a tech decision that I felt will off track our project, I would immediately bring it up in a professional way. However, I still feel that one of my weakness is maintaing communication with team members. A lot of time, I will dive head down into the development work instead of giving constructive opinions or debating with members about the design of the project. This would have definitely save us a lot more time from wrong decisions and cut short a lot of development time. Overall, I was able to refine my current technical skills and also improve a lot on my flaws.